Feature/402 nox session report resolved security issues (#770)
exasol/python-toolbox: doc/changes/unreleased.md

## Summary

> This release includes an update of `action/upload-pages-artifact` from v4 to v5.0.0. With this

Author: Overriding then changes in this file, as anticipating there will be a PTB release before merging this PR.
The anticipated PTB release will move the changes to a new file `changes_6.x.y.md` anyway.

Reviewer: Ah, we can do that, but as you have the fix for report, I would prefer to release these changes together.
Is there something more you'd want to do with the nox session or DependeniesAudit?

Author: OK, the PR was updated anyway. 
Resolving the comment.

to get linting, security, and unit test coverage before running the `slow-checks.yml`,
as described in the [Pull Request description](https://exasol.github.io/python-toolbox/main/user_guide/features/github_workflows/index.html#pull-request).

> This release also adds nox session `vulnerabilities:resolved` reporting resolved GitHub security issues since the last release.

Reviewer: I think there's something off with words around `reporting resolved`
```suggestion
This release also adds a `vulnerabilities:resolved` Nox session, which reports GitHub security issues resolved since the last release.
```
